Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#243)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/public-data-sources/index.md

---
title: "Public Data Sources | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes Bing Spatial Data Services' public data sources and provides a table that outlines a description for various data sources."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The overview page for the Public Data Sources section, with a list of links to each data source available and a description for each."
```
